Michael thank God look I I got a
situation either
eating's just strip down naked in a
deposition room in Milwaukee you are the
senior litigating partner of one of the
largest most respected law firms in the
world you are a legend I'm an
accomplished romantic depressive I am
Shiva the god of death I'm Michael
Clayton you're late this is a three
billion dollar class-action lawsuit the
architect of our defense has been
arrested for running naked through a
parking lot he's building the case
against you North nobody's gonna let him
do that let him who the hell's gonna
stop him I spent 12 percent of my life
defending the reputation of a deadly
weed killer nor third no way they kill
them Michael you north needs to know
he's under control even shook up they
need to be reassured are you telling me
that I'm counting on you exactly just
that it was something that would win the
whole case I'm not the enemy then who
are you
get all these cops stick in your lawyer
getting at all these lawyers stick you
some kind of cop you got everybody
fooled don't you you know exactly what
you want you got a saddle up here
Michael and get things under control
little Arthur was onto something do you
know Michael clay we have a situation
say the car lock the door
what would they do if you went public
are there open the door what would they
do they're doing it great who called it
in
does that make sense to you this
happiness never happened
get out no I'm not
that you kill I'm the guy that you buyer
you supplied you don't even see what I
am
do I look like I'm negotiating
you